                                                                      DAY11-TUESDAY
       Today i will learn how to make presentation, how to present, then how to install packet tracer & CCNA. The way of presentation is Keep Your Slides Simple.
  Limit Words on Your Slides.Use High-Quality Photos and Graphics.Use Accurate and Relevant Charts and Graphs.Use High-Quality, Fresh Templates.Choose Appropriate 
  Fonts.Choose Color Well.Clean + Simple Formatting Makes All the Difference.The main thing in presentation is introduction, the body, and the conclusion.Your 
  introduction needs to briefly sum up what you're going to talk about and why it's useful or relevant to your audience.How to present confidently talk positively 
  to yourself. Claim your success before you begin, Price says.Use the restroom.Strike a power pose. Exercise lightly.Take several deep belly breaths.Don't 
  pretend you're not nervous.Reframe your nervousness as excitement.Focus on giving.My presentation feedback is make it clear, short slide size, eye contact,
  fearness. How to install packet tracer steps are,
         1)  yum  install epel-release
         System Should be fully updated
         2) # yum update -y
         Install the Required Dependencies
         3) # yum install zlib-devel ncurses-devel gtk2 glibc glibc-devel libstdc++ libX11-devel libXrender libXrandr libusb libXtst nss qt qtwebkit
         Dwonload the Packet Tracer and Openssl-lib Rpm
         4)  git clone https://github.com/AOSL/PACKETTRACER_CENTOS7.git
         Type the Comnmand to install the package
         5) # cd PACKETTRACER_CENTOS7
            #wget http://bt0.ninja/rpm/openssl-lib-compat-1.0.0i-1.fc24.x86_64.rpm
            # rpm -Uvh openssl-lib-compat-1.0.0i-1.fc24.x86_64.rpm
          
            # cd PacketTracer70/
            #chmod u+x install
            # ./install
         Accept the Eula and just press enter when ask for installation.
   
     CCNA;
        The CCNA is an entry-level networking certification that can prepare you for networking roles in IT like network specialist, network administrator, 
   and network engineer.

     CCNA ROUTING & SWITCHING;
           The CCNA Routing and Switching validates the ability to install, configure, operate, and troubleshoot medium-size routed and switched networks.The 
   difficulty stems from the fact that the new CCNA covers modern network fundamentals end-to-end.outing refers to determining how an application responds to a
   client request to a particular endpoint, which is a URI  and a specific HTTP request method .Each route can have one or more handler functions, which are 
   excuted when the route is matched.Issues in routing Mobility Bandwidth constraint Error prone shared broadcast radio channel hidden and exposed terminal 
   problems Resource Constraints. Mobility highly dynamic frequent path breaks frequent topology changes.A switch manages the flow of data across a network by 
   inspecting the incoming frame's destination MAC address and forwarding the frame only to the host for which the data was intended.Three basic functins of a 
   switch are Learning, Forwarding and Preventing Layer 2 Loops.In various types of network environments (MAN/ WAN), the router works faster whereas Switch is 
   faster than a Router in a LAN environment.these associate-level certifications will all be enfolded into the new CCNA and will go away, except CCNA Routing 
   and Switching, which becomes simply CCNA. There has also been word about "badges" that will be issued related to courses taken or exams passed.
            
     Presentation;
           Presentation is one of the best way to improve your communication skills& your quality & your skills & test your memory power.  
     presentation is a way of communicating your thoughts and ideas to an audience and many of our articles on communication.
